#summary Why does my server fails because of the bots?
 
Proactive treatment in all modules available from 4 th Edition.

=Why does my server fails because of the bots?= 

The robot automatically fills out the registration form on your site. He does this continuously. And each time the program of your server makes many operations machinations in the database for existing users. Then your server is recorded in the database about the new user. He then sends the necessary notifications via e-mail gateway. All this takes a lot of CPU time. In hundreds of times higher than normal page display for visitors to your site. As a result, you receive a message that your site creates a critical load on the server! You offer take more expensive and powerful hosting. 

But the problem is solved easily. Captcha will help you with this. Captcha trims the robot immediately. And your server is running easily and without strain. Captcha control code verifies that your visitor sees on the picture or hears in via a sound card to speakers or headphones. A visitor enters the code and, if he is correct, your site is starting to fulfill all the necessary steps. Robots can not understand the code. Therefore, their requests for registration are discarded immediately. Processing takes Captcha moments. Your server serves visitors and not choke processing requests robots.

=Along with the Captcha your site works faster than ten times, he is not distracted by robots!=

Note: The time given for the server to process forms the entrance 0.1 seconds.

==Time spent your server for processing * forms the entrance to the site: * ==

||If the form filled out and sent a *bot*||If the form filled out and sent a *bot*||If the form filled out and sent *people*||If the form filled out and sent *people*||
||without Captcha||WITH CAPTCHA||without Captcha||WITH CAPTCHA||
||0,10 seconds||0,01 seconds||0,10 seconds||0,11 seconds||

One form of a robot takes time from 10 users!

==Time spent your server for processing * registration form on the site: * ==
||If the form filled out and sent a *bot*||If the form filled out and sent a *bot*||If the form filled out and sent *people*||If the form filled out and sent *people*||
||without Captcha||WITH CAPTCHA||without Captcha||WITH CAPTCHA||
||0,50 seconds||0,01 seconds||0,50 seconds||0,51 seconds||

ОOne form of a robot takes time from 50 users!

= Conclusion = 

  * Use the Captcha protects against spam. 
  * Use the Captcha reduces the likelihood of hacking. 
  * Use the Captcha speeds up your server. 
  * Use the Captcha - Professional ethics. 
  * Use the Captcha - design elements of your site. 
  * Lack of kaptchi - comfort for registered users who logged into the system. 
  * Use the Captcha allows the polls, vote and receive comments from unregistered visitors discarding requests robots.